♪♪
- I'm Wes.
- I'm Philip,
and we're Wong Fu Productions.
And we directed
"Single by 30."
I just realized that
we haven't talked
about Mark and Chloe
at all.
Hmmm.
Do you have any friends
like that?
I don't.
But...if you think
about it,
since we created them,
they're like our
imaginary friends.
That's really sad.
I'm gonna miss this.
What are you
talking about?
Lisa texted.
She said that
she wants us
to get together
with her and Ryan
this afternoon.
She's never approved
of any of my boyfriends,
so, sadly, this was
probably goodbye sex for us.
What?
Uh...
First of all,
I don't think you
set the bar up very high
with the ex-boyfriend
of yours, Edmundo.
Okay, he didn't technically
steal my furniture.
He just was borrowing it
in a prolonged way.
Regardless, I could bring
home the love-child
of Brad Pitt and
Mother Teresa,
and Lisa would still find
something wrong with him.
Wow, Pitt and Teresa.
I would love to sit down
and have a cup of coffee
with that kid.
I am serious!
Nobody gets past
my sister.
Oh, well, that sounds
like a challenge.
Well, it's not.
Well, it definitely
sounds like one.
Well, I can--I guess--
I can see how somebody
could interpret it that way.
Look, you tell Lisa
that I'm ready.
You tell her I'm
not gonna back down,
and you tell her that
I've been waiting
for this moment
my entire life.
Or I could
just tell her
that we're on
for this afternoon.
Or you can
just tell her
we're on
for this afternoon.
That works, too, yeah.
But seriously,
be forewarned,
if she doesn't
like you,
I just, I don't see
how this is gonna work.
Okay, can you just,
like, relax?
She's gonna like me.
Have you seen me?
I am a Mark
amongst men.
Huh!
- Wow, that was poetic.
- Mm-mmm.
Remind me to put that
in my Twitter bio.
- No.
- Yep.
♪♪